= Gary Is a presentation builder.

== What?
* Gary creates presentations using S6 from http://slideshow.rubyforge.org/
* Gary uses Markaby for HTML views, so you can write presentations in pure ruby!
* Gary presentations is just ruby files, you can use GIT for example to versionate your presentations or/and work with other people.
* Gary is just a DSL build on top of the Markaby http://github.com/why/markaby

=== Install
  gem install bastos-gary --source http://gems.github.com

=== Requirements:

* markaby

=== Usage
Let's create a presentation with gary and some markaby, save as my-first-presentation.rb:

  presentation :title => "My First Presentation" do
    slide  do
     h1 "Just a test"
      code "def a; a+a;end"
    end
  
    slide  do
      h1 "Just another test"
      h2 "Hello world"
    end

    slide  do
      h1 "Bye"
      center { h3 "Bye people!" }
    end
  end

Now just create assets dir:
  gary --assets

And render the slideshow:
  gary -r my-first-presentation.rb

=== Custom layout:
Just change the assets/style.css.
To restore default assets files just remove ./assets and run gary --assets

=== TODO:

* Syntax highlight for code
* Themes maybe
* More examples

=== License

Copyright (c) 2008 Tiago Bastos
 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:
 
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
